.TH asp_view 1 "May 2009" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
.B asp_view 
\- GUI display for RPG ASP products
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B asp_view 
.I [options] [filename]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B asp_view 
is a GUI based application that lets one view ASP products that have been created by the ORPG software.  By default, it looks for ASP products located in the folder 
.B /import/orpg/ASP_Prod
, but can told to look for products in another folder if so desired (by utilizing the 
.B -d
option.  The asp_view's power lies in its ability to preload all
available packets, as well as its filtering and color-coating of messages (in a
very similar manner to the ORPG's Status Window).
.P
The main window for 
.B asp_view
has 4 separate sections: 
.B Choose Data, Filter, Other
and
.B Messages.  
.SS Choose Data
The first section is the 
.B Choose Data 
section.  This is the section in which the user can decide what packet(s) they would like to view.  The first thing that the user should be aware of is that packets will only be displayed if they exist in the text area in the top right part of the window.  If a packet is not in the text area at the top right section of the window, then it will not be displayed in the main text area (the 
.B Messages
section).  The user has 2 available ways to view a packet(s), and that is to choose from available from the drop down boxes, labeled 
.B Radar, Start Product,
and 
.B End Product
or to choose from a specific file on the file system by entering the path into the 
.B Choose File Location
text field.  If the drop downs are utilized, the user should choose the radar from the
.B Radar
drop down, and then decide whether he/she would like to view a single packet or
multiple packets.  If the user would like to view a single packet, he/she
should choose the packet from the 
.B Start Product
drop down box, and then click the 
.B + (Plus)
sign to the right of the 
.B Radar
drop down.  This will insert the packet into the text area in the top right,
and then display the packet's contents in the 
.B Messages 
area.  If the user would like to view multiple packets, then they have a few
options.  The user can select a range of packets from the 
.B Start Product 
and 
.B End Product 
drop downs, or they can simply use the 
.B + (Plus)
sign and add packets individually from the 
.B Start Product
drop down.  If the user wants to select a range of products, but wants to
exclude a file(s) from that range, they can use the 
.B - (Minus)
sign and remove packets from the list at the top right part of the window.  The 
.B - (Minus)
sign removes the selected packet from the list, and therefore removes it from
the 
.B Messages
section.
.P
The 
.B Choose File/Directory:
are within the 
.B Choose Data
section can be used to locate ASP files that are not in the default location (
.B /import/orpg/ASP_Prod
).  One has a few choices in respect to this area.  The first choice is to use
the File Chooser dialog that is available.  The user can click the icon to the
right of the text field (which looks like a folder), and that will open a new
window that will let the user traverse through their file system and find the
file that he/she wants to view.  The second choice is to simply type in the
location of the file if it is known.  The third choice is to type in the
directory that the file is located in.  If a valid directory is in the 
.B Choose File/Directory:
text field, then all ASP files in that directory will be loaded.  The files
must have an 
.B .ASP
(case insensitive) file extension in order to be picked up by the utility.
Once a file has been chosen or entered, the user must click the 
.B Go
button that is to the right of the 
.B Open 
button.  Once the go button is clicked, the file will be added to the list at
the top right section of the window and will therefore be displayed in the 
.B Messages 
window.  
.SS Filter 
The 
.B Filter
section allows the user to open up the 
.B Filter
window or to type in a string of characters to search for.  The 
.B Search
field works in real time, and simply performs a case-insensitive search on the
MESSAGE column of the rows in the 
.B Messages
section.  If the user would like to clear the 
.B Search 
box and all of the other filters, they can click the 
.B Clear
button to clear all filters.  
.SS Filter Window
The
.B Filter Window
allows the user to filter the rows in the 
.B Messages
window.  The user can filter by message type (the checkboxes to the right of
the boxes that contains the color associated with that message type) and by
date.  If the user is filtering by date, they have 2 options:
.I filtering by a range 
or 
.I filtering by a match.
The first option allows the user to set 2
dates, a start and end date, and all dates that do not exist between those two
dates will be filtered out of the
.B Messages
section.  The user must click the 
.B Filter Ranges 
button for the range filtering to take effect.  If the user wants to filter by
.I matching,
then all dates that don't have values that match those in the checkboxes will
be filtered.  A value of -1 will be considered a wildcard.
.P
.B Example:
Values YY:9 MM:5 DD:-1 hh:22 mm:-1 ss:-1 will deliver all rows that occured in
the Month of May of 2009 in the 2200 (or 10pm) hour. 
.P
The user must click the 
.B Filter Matches
button for the filters to take effect. 
.SS Messages
The messages section simply displays the messages within the ASP products that
exist in the list at the top right part of the window.  The colors of the rows
correspond to the type of message being displayed for that row.  
.SS Other
The 
.B
Other section simply holds two buttons, the 
.B Clear All
button and the 
.B Help 
button.  The 
.B Clear All
button simply clears everything the utility (including filtering and packets),
which will make it equivalent of restarting the program.  The 
.B Help
button opens up the help window and allows the user to view helpful information
for asp_view.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-d " path" 
Chooses 
.I path
as the default location to look for ASP files.
.TP
.BI \-f " filename"
Choose a specific ASP product file to have opened on startup.
.SH FILES
.I /import/orpg/ASP_Prod/
.RS
The default location of the ASP files.
.SH AUTHOR
Jason Close <jason.m.close@noaa.gov>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR asp_view (1)
