.TH mon_wb_gui 1 "June 2009" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
.B mon_wb_gui
\- GUI for displaying output of mon_wb
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mon_wb_gui
.I [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mon_wb_gui
is a GUI wrapper for the mon_wb application.  It allows one to see the same
output as mon_wb, but it does so within a GTK+ GUI. 
.P
It has an area that shows specific values, allowing the user to look and see what a particular value is
at any point in time, without needing to filter or scroll through a lot of
output.  
.P
It allows the user to scroll through the list of messages and select one,
letting the user view the output of mon_wb in a way that does not require
him/her to pause and scroll.  The user can select a given packet to view the
contents, or double click a packet to bring it up in a separate window,
allowing for the user to be able to compare the contents of different packets.
The user has 3 options when looking at these packets:
.B Scroll, Pause, and Freeze.
The 
.B Scroll 
option forces the message list to always show the most recent packet, letting
the user see how often packets are coming in.  The 
.B Pause
option lets the user click on a packet and not have the list scroll back to the
top.  This is useful when searching for a particular packet, for the user does
not have to keep scrolling down.  The 
.B Freeze
option stops all new packets from entering the tool.  This provides a good
speed increase for viewing packets, especially with a verbosity of 4.
.P
mon_wb_gui also provides some filtering, allowing the user to select which
packet types they want to ignore.  If a user chooses a packet type to ignore,
those packets will be lost forever, as it is deleted from the buffer.  
.P 
The user can choose which verbosity they would like, with 1 being the least
verbose and 4 being the most verbose.  The user can apply changes in verbosity
at any point, allowing them to view the contents of a packet from different
verbosity levels.  Changing the verbosity does not change the text currently in
the text view, which means the user must reclick the packet for the new text to
appear (with the new verbosity applied).  
.P
The user has the availability to choose how big the message buffer can grow.
This allows them to manage how many packets they would like to see at one time,
as well as control the use of system resources, as mon_wb_gui will use more
resources as more packets are buffered.
.SH OPTIONS
mon_wb_gui accepts the same options as mon_wb.  Please see "man mon_wb" for the
available options.
.SH AUTHOR
Jason Close <jason.m.close@noaa.gov>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR mon_wb (1)
