.TH validate_a2 1 "August 2009" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
.B validate_a2 
\- Validation tool for Archive II files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B validate_a2
.I [options] xml_filename archive_II_filename
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B validate_a2
is a validation tool that can assist one in the validation of Archive II files.
This tool will print out the values within the file, or simply generate errors
when the data is not consistent with the values in the ICD.  It receives
and XML file that defines the fields within the file, as well as the 
compressed archive files (
.B bzip, gzip, and .Z files
).  If no compression flags are passed, then 
.B validate_a2
will attempt to try to decompress the data based upon the file extension.  An 
XML file must be given in the parameters.  The default XML file can be found
in the ~/cfg folder, listed as validate_a2.xml.  
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-abcdefgijklmor
Prints the warnings for a particular message type (with a printing Type 1, b
printing type 2, etc...)
.TP
.BI \-h 
Prints help information along with 
.B \-\-help 
.TP
.BI \-q 
Prints the message headers
.TP
.BI \-p
When accompanying any of the flags 
.I \-abcdefgijklmorq
, this prints the values within those messages as well.
.TP
.BI \-w
prints all warnings for all message types.
.TP
.BI \-z 
prints all warnings and all values for all messages.
.TP
.BI \-\-gzip
Use the gzip (Lempel-Ziv) decompression algorithm
.TP
.BI \-\-bzip
Use the bzip (Burrows-Wheeler) decompression algorithm
.TP
.BI \-\-uncompress
Use the Lempel-Ziv "uncompress" algorithm
.TP
.BI \-\-verbose [1-3]
Sets the verbosity level (default of 1)
.TP
.BI \-\-meta
Prints only the warnings for the meta data.
.TP
.BI \-\-radial
Prints only the warnings for the radial data.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B validate_a2 -abc /my/path/to/xml/file /my/path/to/file 
Prints the warnings messages for message types 1, 2, and 3 for 
.I file
.TP
.B validate_a2 -mnp --uncompress /my/path/to/xml/file /my/path/to/file.Z
Prints the warnings and values for message types 13 and 15 after file.Z is uncompressed.
.TP
.B validate_a2 -w --bzip /my/path/to/xml/file /my/path/to/file.Z
Prints the all of the warnings after file.Z is uncompressed.
.TP
.B validate_a2 -q --meta --bzip /my/path/to/xml/file /my/path/to/file.Z
Prints the warnings for the metadata and the file headers in file.Z.
.SH AUTHOR
Jason Close <jason.m.close@noaa.gov>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR read_ldm (1)
